many minor edits and revision suggestions (#23)
bluegenes/2020-gep: content/05.project-management.md

Project management, the strategies and decisions used to keep a project organized, documented, functional, and shareable, is foundational to any research program.
Clear organization and management is a learned skill that takes time to implement.

> Workflow systems both simplify and improve computational project management, but even workflows that are fully specified in workflow systems require additional investment to stay organized and documented. (CTB note: maybe refer to version control here, and say that it's discussed below?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow systems both simplify and improve computational project management, but even workflows that are fully specified in workflow systems require additional investment to stay organized, documented, and backed up. 
```

Both notebooks generate a histogram of a metadata feature, number of generations, from a long-term evolution experiment with *Escherichia coli* [@doi:10.1038/nature18959].
Computational notebooks facilitate sharing by packaging narrative, code, and visualizations together.
Computational notebooks can be further packaged with tools like Binder [@doi:10.25080/Majora-4af1f417-011].
Binder makes a GitHub repository executable by using package management systems and docker to build reproducible and executable software environments as specified in the repository.
Binders can be shared with collaborators (or students in a classroom setting), and analysis and visualization can be ephemerally reproduced or altered from the code provided in computational notebooks.  
](images/nb_figure.png){#fig:nb_figure}

#### Visualize your workflow

Visual representations can help illustrate the connections in a workflow and improve the readability and reproducibility of your project. At the highest level, flowcharts that detail relationships between steps of a workflow can help provide big-picture clarification, especially when the pipeline is complicated.

> For individual steps, a graphical representation of the output can show the status of the project or provide insight on additional analyses that should be added. For example, **Figure {@fig:sgc_workflow}** illustrates a workflow visualization modified from a graph produced by the workflow software Snakemake [@doi:10.1101/462788]. (CTB: reference spacegraphcats here, yah?)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For individual steps, a graphical representation of the output can show the status of the project or provide insight on additional analyses that should be added. For example, **Figure {@fig:sgc_workflow}** exhibits a modified Snakemake workflow visualization from a recent publication [@doi:10.1101/462788].
```

![A directed acyclic graph (DAG) that illustrates connections between all steps of a sequencing data analysis workflow. Each box represents a step in the workflow, while lines connect sequential steps.

> The DAG shown in this figure illustrates a real bioinformatics workflow from (CTB: SGC) and was generated by modifying the default Snakemake workflow DAG [@doi:10.1101/462788].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DAG shown in this figure illustrates a real bioinformatics workflow from and was generated by modifying the default Snakemake workflow DAG [@doi:10.1101/462788].
```

Sharing your workflow code with collaborators, peer reviewers, and scientists seeking to use a similar method can foster discussion and review of your analysis.
Sticking to a clear documentation strategy, using a version control system, and packaging your code in notebooks or as a workflow prepare them to be easily shared with others.

> To go one step further, you can package your code with tools like Binder and Whole Tale (CTB: reprozip, other such things?), or use Shiny apps. These approaches let others run the code on cloud computers in environments identical to those in which the original computation was performed (**Figure @fig:nb_figure**, **Figure @fig:interactiveviz**) [@doi:10.25080/Majora-4af1f417-011; @doi:10.1016/j.future.2017.12.029].

Reviewer 2: Reprozip: https://www.reprozip.org/, https://github.com/VIDA-NYU/reprozip

Author: see comment on citation below

> To go one step further, you can package your code with tools like Binder and Whole Tale (CTB: reprozip, other such things?), or use Shiny apps. These approaches let others run the code on cloud computers in environments identical to those in which the original computation was performed (**Figure @fig:nb_figure**, **Figure @fig:interactiveviz**) [@doi:10.25080/Majora-4af1f417-011; @doi:10.1016/j.future.2017.12.029].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To go one step further, you can package your code with tools like Binder, ReproZip, or Whole Tale, or make interactive visualizations with tools like Shiny apps or Plotly. These approaches let others run the code on cloud computers in environments identical to those in which the original computation was performed (**Figure @fig:nb_figure**, **Figure @fig:interactiveviz**) [@doi:10.25080/Majora-4af1f417-011; @doi:10.1016/j.future.2017.12.029; @doi:10.1145/2882903.2899401].
```

Reviewer 3: Hi! If you don't mind, could you use [our preferred citation](https://github.com/VIDA-NYU/reprozip/blob/master/CITATION.txt)? This is an outdated reference about an older version of the system, we're not sure why it keeps popping up.

Thanks!

Reviewer 2: done -- Thank you!!

Local and online users groups are helpful communities when learning a workflow language.
When you are first learning, help from more advanced users can save you hours of frustration.
After you've progressed, providing that same help to new users can help you cement the syntax in your mind and tackle more advanced uses.
Data-centric workflow systems have been enthusiastically adopted by the open science community, and as a consequence, there is a critical mass of tutorials and open access code, as well as code discussion on forums and via social media, particularly Twitter.

> Be respectful of people's time and energy: post in the relevant workflow forums only when you have hit a stopping point you are unable to work through. (CTB: suggest differentiating between local and global here. Maybe don't discourage people from posting in local?)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Post in the relevant workflow forums when you have hit a stopping point you are unable to work through. Be respectful of people's time and energy and be sure to include appropriate details important to your problem (see [Strategic troubleshooting](## strategic-troubleshooting) section).
```

> Troubleshooting strategies will be addressed in detail in the [Strategic troubleshooting](## strategic-troubleshooting) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
